Sweets functionality

Login functionality:

    Email Validation:

        1. Login accepts valid email address. (fail)
           accept invalid email address
    Password Validation

        1. Login accepts valid password. (fail)
           accepts invalid password

        2. Password visability.
           user can't see the password he wrote (should be button for visability)     

Basket functionality:

      Price calculation functionality:

        Does the price get calculate in the following scenarios:

        1. Price is correct with a single item. + 
        2. Price is correct with multiple items. + 
        3. Price is correct when an item is removed. +
        4. Price is 0 after the 'empty basket is clicked' +

        5. Price is correct with item and standart shipping. (fail)
            total price with 1 item and standart shipping is incorrect £11.99

        6. Price is correct with multiple items and standart shipping. (fail)
            total price with multiple items and standart shipping is NaN

        7. Price is correct when an item is removed with standart shipping. (fail)
          total price after cliced empty basket and cliced standart shipping is incorrrect.

        8. Does Promo code works. (fail)
           Standart shipping change to Collect(free) after Promo code is clicked 

    Billing address functionality:

        Form Validation:
        1. First name does not accept spaces. (fail)
           first name accept spaces

        2. First name does not accept numbers. (fail)  
           first name accept numbers

        3. First name does not accept symbols. (fail)  
           first name accept symbols

        4. Last name does not accept spaces. (fail)
           last name accept spaces

        5. Last name does not accept numbers. (fail)
           last name accept numbers

        6. Last name does not accept symbols. (fail)
           last name accept symbols
 
        7. Does address accept symbols. (fail)
           address accept symbols

        8. User can select country for shipping items. (fail)   
           user can select only United Kingdom

        9. User can select city for shipping items. (fail)
           user can select only Bristol, Cardiff and Swansea

        10. Zip code does not accept letters symbols. (fail)
            zip code accept letters and symbols

    Payment Validation:

        1. Full name is capital letters only. (fail)
           full name accept low case letters, symbols and numbers

        2. Credit card number only accepts numbers. (fail)
           credit card number accepts letters and symbols

        3. Credit card expiration only accepts numbers and divide symbol. (fail) 
           expiration accepts letters and other symbols

        4. CVV only accepts integer number. + 

        5. CVV only accepts positive numbers. (fail)
            accepts negative numbers                         

        